Docs: adds robots.txt notice (#1208)
pomerium/documentation: content/docs/reference/routes/public-access.mdx

## Summary

:::caution

> Because the **Public Access** setting bypasses authentication and authorization checks, you should only enable it for publicly exposed web services.

Reviewer: nit:

```suggestion
Because the **Public Access** setting bypasses authentication and authorization checks, you should enable it only for publicly exposed web services.
```

(This might be my <span>#</span>1 writing style nit ever since I became aware of it. See e.g. https://getitwriteonline.com/placement-of-only/ for more on the rationale.)

:::

> **Public Access** allows all requests to a given route and bypasses authentication and authorization. If you enable this setting, no whitelists should be provided for the route (for example, **Allowed Users**).

Reviewer: I think "Allowed Users" was a setting that existed before PPL. I'm not sure that it's still supported, but even if it is I don't think it's documented, so I don't think it makes sense to refer to it here.

Maybe something like this instead?
```suggestion
**Public Access** allows all requests to a given route and bypasses authentication and authorization. If you enable this setting, no other policy should be provided for the route.
```

> **Public Access** allows all requests to a given route and bypasses authentication and authorization. If you enable this setting, no whitelists should be provided for the route (for example, **Allowed Users**).

Reviewer: Also, this feels a little repetitive to me, compared with the previous paragraph. Is there a way to make this a little smoother?
